Young Master, this is no child's play
That's the devil
Real devil
With the current civilization of my Great Xia
Touch it and die
Yihuan, what did you say you came back for?
Are you not good as your natural enemy?
How are you now?
What demon lord have you offended?
Why do you want to implicate us all if you want to die?
That is.
This is not something the Dragon Riot can compare to
As soon as this Demon Lord makes a move
Won't our entire elephant be destroyed?
The stinky boy will arrive soon
How dare you speak wildly here
What do I care?
It's gone. It's gone.
Stop talking
Now is not the time for Jackie Chan
Why don't you mobilize the army now?
Hey, hey, hey.
Little girl movie
You are so
Danger of the Demon King
Missiles are like thunder eggs
Even a nuclear bomb
That can only tickle Lord Demon Lord
Lord of Buildings
Now it's as fragile as paper paste
Then I can't just sit back and wait
I am never slaughtered by others
Holy Master, get out of here quickly
You are my hope for Great Xia
Our top ten ancient tribes mainly adapt
I thought you were holding the line
You hurry up
I want to leave late.
Brat, before the Demon Lord arrives
Kneel down for me
I might still be able to leave 5 whole corpses for me to kneel
If that bunch of ants from the devil race kneel down for me
I could consider it
Let them die quickly